  QUESTION:-       
You bought the following items to start your Company and plan to inaugurate the portal .
a)      Rented a space to use it as office and keep your servers
b)      2 Red Hat Linux Enterprise server. With plenty of memory and stoage space
c)      2 live IP address
d)     32Mbps internet connection from reliance
e)      A domain name as netcamp.in

After a group meeting you decided to do the following and get it going.
1  Create one web server which will host all the web sites for the Company (netcamp.in)
2  Create one DNS server .
3  Create one mailing server (web and mail server is same server) which will provide the email service for the Institution / 
   Company (mail.netcamp.in – and should be able to access from web). Mail server should have POP3 support so user can
   download email in their own laptop/desktop. (Please customize the mail page with your own company logo and company 
   name)
4  The mail server will be the file server which will have file storage space for the user.
5  File server will also have a dhcp server (range of ips =192.168.1.150 to 192.168.1.190 gateway=192.168.1.1 and dns server =
   give your dns server) so that it can give ip address to all client machines.

You were 4/5 in your group you decided that  you will be the Chairman of the company and will have access to all the 
files / folders in your company. You created three departments – Sales, RandD and Accounts. Please divide the group
 members in all these groups. For the file management you decided about the following points.
 Email address
username@company.in
company.in (should also open as www.comapny.in)
sales.company.in
research.company.in
accounts.company.in
mail.company.in
Common data folder for user (only departmental access – only the department people can read and write on the same)
/departmentname/data
Common driver folder for the user (only departmental access – only access (r-x)  but they can’t write on the same)
/departmentname/driver
Please make a note, chairman will have full access on these folder called data and driver;
Please design and implement the same.
Please note Reliance will give the public ip address only after a week so, all job has to be done with private ip address only.
